docs: Add react component name to feature list (#684)
getsentry/sentry-javascript-bundler-plugins: README.md

- Release creation in Sentry
- Automatic release name discovery (based on CI environment - Vercel, AWS, Heroku, CircleCI, or current Git SHA)
- Automatically associate errors with releases (Release injection)

> - [React component names instead of selectors.](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/react/features/component-names/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Show React component display names for breadcrumbs and Session Replays.](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/guides/react/features/component-names/)
```
